Add introduction for streaming apis (#3450)
wso2/docs-apim: en/docs/design/create-api/create-streaming-api/create-a-sse-streaming-api.md

# Create a Server Sent Events API

> This section will guide you to create an API which will expose a Server Sent Event backend via WSO2 API Manager. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section will guide you to create an API, which will expose a Server Sent Event backend via WSO2 API Manager. 
```

> Once a SSE API is created, you will be able to add different topics and each topic can be mapped to different path of backend and manage them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once an SSE API is created, you will be able to add different topics and each topic can be mapped to different paths of the backend and can be used to manage them.
```
